Drab as a fool, aloof as a bard.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
Too bad! I hid a boot.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Norma is as selfless as I am, Ron.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Python
Lisa Bonet ate no basil.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
No, it is open on one position.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Mary plays the piano.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
Yawn... Madonna fan? No damn way.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Did I draw Della too tall, Edward? I did?
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
This is a Japanese doll.
Anne, I vote more cars race Rome to Vienna.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
He did, eh?
Rise to vote, sir.
Civic duty
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Bird rib.
Reviled did I live, said I, as evil I did deliver.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
kayak
Doc, I dissent. A fast never prevents fatness. I diet on cod.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
Star comedy. By Democrats.
She cried diamonds.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
civic
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
I want more detailed information.
Go hang a salami. I'm a lasagna hog.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Murder for a jar of red rum.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Two seats were vacant.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
Evil I did dwell, lewd did I live.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
No, it is opposition.
Be careful with that butter knife.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
Lisa Benot ate no basil.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Aha!
radar
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
On a clover, if alive, erupts a vast, pure evil. A fire volcano.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
racecar
Race fast, safe car.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Greetings from the real universe.
solos
Lager, sir, is regal.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Lived on decaf; faced no devil.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Love is not like pizza.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Madam, I'm Adam.
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Campus motto: Bottoms up, Mac.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama!
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
You buoy.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Doc, note...I dissent. A fast never prevents a fatness. I diet on cod.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Ten animals I slam in a net.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
Live not on evil, madam, live not on evil.
Never odd or even.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
Was it Eliot's toilet I saw?
